Get-AccessToken's Breaking Change (#27706)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Accounts/Accounts/help/Get-AzAccessToken.md

# Get-AzAccessToken

## SYNOPSIS
Get secure access token. When using -ResourceUrl, please make sure the value does match current Azure environment. You may refer to the value of `(Get-AzContext).Environment`.

> [!NOTE]

> > For security purposes, the default output type changes from a plain text `String` to `SecureString`.
> > Please refer to [Frequently asked questions about Azure PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/faq)
> > for how to convert from `SecureString` to plain text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For security purposes, the default output type has been changed from a plain text `String` to `SecureString`.
> Please refer to [Frequently asked questions about Azure PowerShell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/faq)
> for how to convert from `SecureString` to plain text.
```

@mikefrobbins could you help review this now that we've updated `Get-AzAccessToken` to output `SecureString`? BTW do we have a fwlink for the FAQ page
